Update code of conduct (#275)
solid/process: code-of-conduct.md

# Contributor Covenant Code of Conduct

## Our Pledge

> We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We as members of the Solid community pledge to make participation in our
```

Committee.

The Code of Conduct Committee are responsible for clarifying and enforcing our
standards of acceptable behavior and will take appropriate and fair corrective
action in response to any behavior that they deem inappropriate, threatening,
offensive, or harmful.

The Code of Conduct Committee have the right and responsibility to remove, edit,
or reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, and will communicate reasons for
moderation decisions when appropriate.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all community spaces, including but not
limited to the Gitter chat rooms, Solid forum, and GitHub repositories, and also
applies when an individual is officially representing the community in public
spaces. Examples of representing our community include using an official e-mail
address, posting via an official social media account, or acting as an appointed
representative at an online or offline event.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported to the Code of Conduct Committee by contacting any of its members:

> * [Osmar Olivo](https://gitter.im/oolivo): oz@inrupt.com
> * [Virginia Balseiro](https://gitter.im/VirginiaBalseiro):
>     virginiabalseiro@gmail.com
> * [Alain Bourgeois](https://gitter.im/bourgeoa) alain.bourgeois10@gmail.com
> * [Sarven Capadisli](https://gitter.im/csarven): info+solid+coc@csarven.ca

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Osmar Olivo](https://gitter.im/oolivo) &lt;oz@inrupt.com&gt;
* [Virginia Balseiro](https://gitter.im/VirginiaBalseiro) &lt;virginiabalseiro@gmail.com&gt;
* [Alain Bourgeois](https://gitter.im/bourgeoa) &lt;alain.bourgeois10@gmail.com&gt;
* [Sarven Capadisli](https://gitter.im/csarven) &lt;info+solid+coc@csarven.ca&gt;
```

  
Committee members will recuse themselves if they are the alleged harasser or the
victim of a private harassment incident.

All reports of violations will be reviewed and investigated promptly and fairly.

> All community leaders are obligated to respect the privacy and security of the

Reviewer 2: we start using the term community leaders at some point in this doc. That role is never clearly defined and seems to be used interchangeably with COC committee members.

reporter of any incident. Reports will be handled under confidentiality.

## Enforcement Guidelines

The Code of Conduct Committee will follow these Community Impact Guidelines in
determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code
of Conduct:

### 1. Correction

**Community Impact**: Use of inappropriate language or other behavior deemed
unprofessional or unwelcome in the community.

> **Consequence**: A private, written warning from community leaders, providing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Consequence**: A private, written warning from the Code of Conduct Committee, providing
```

clarity around the nature of the violation and an explanation of why the
behavior was inappropriate. A public apology may be requested.

### 2. Warning

**Community Impact**: A violation through a single incident or series of
actions.

**Consequence**: A warning with consequences for continued behavior. No
interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction with
those enforcing the Code of Conduct, for a specified period of time. This
includes avoiding interactions in community spaces as well as external channels
like social media. Violating these terms may lead to a temporary or permanent
ban.

### 3. Temporary Ban

**Community Impact**: A serious violation of community standards, including
sustained inappropriate behavior.

**Consequence**: A temporary ban from any sort of interaction or public
communication with the community for a specified period of time. No public or

> private interaction with the people involved, including unsolicited interaction

Reviewer 3: Perhaps changing `the people involved` to `the people involved in the incident(s)` might make this clearer?  I'm not sure how @oolivo is reading this to include people who are not part of the Solid community.

with those enforcing the Code of Conduct, is allowed during this period.

> Violating these terms may lead to a permanent ban.

Reviewer: If violation is known, wouldn't it be stronger to say "will"?

```suggestion
Violating these terms will lead to a permanent ban.
```

### 4. Permanent Ban

**Community Impact**: Demonstrating a pattern of violation of community
standards, including sustained inappropriate behavior, harassment of an
individual, or aggression toward or disparagement of classes of individuals.

**Consequence**: A permanent ban from any sort of public interaction within the
community.

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 2.1, available at
[https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/2/1/code_of_conduct.html][v2.1].

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct
enforcement ladder][mozilla coc].

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
How to [give better feedback](https://www.virginiabalseiro.com/blog/feedback.html).

```

at W3C: Code of Ethics and Professional
Conduct](https://www.w3.org/Consortium/cepc/).

## Standards of Behaviour

Examples of behavior that contributes to a positive environment for our
community include:

- Demonstrating empathy and kindness toward other people
- Being respectful of differing opinions, viewpoints, and experiences
- Giving and gracefully accepting constructive feedback
- Accepting responsibility and acknowledging harm caused to those affected by our mistakes,
  and learning from the experience
- Focusing on what is best not just for us as individuals, but for the overall
  community

> * Asking for confirmation instead of assuming
> * Taking constructive actions, and move towards consensus when possible

Reviewer 3: Assuming all the other bullet changes from `*` to `-` were intentional, they should all match...
```suggestion
- Asking for confirmation instead of assuming
- Taking constructive actions, and move towards consensus when possible
```

determining the consequences for any action they deem in violation of this Code
of Conduct:

### Continued behavior

A pattern of continued violations of community standards will be determined

> using the "three-strikes system".  

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
using a "three-strikes system".  
```

Community Impact Guidelines were inspired by [Mozilla's code of conduct
enforcement ladder][mozilla coc].

> How to [give better feedback](https://www.virginiabalseiro.com/blog/feedback.html).

Reviewer 3: My text is not optimal, but may inspire a better wording from someone else.  Certainly, the non-sentence now present should be changed to a real sentence -- or more links should be added, probably bulleted, as a `## References` or similar section.

```suggestion

The authors also found it helpful to refer to this guide on 
[how to give better feedback](https://www.virginiabalseiro.com/blog/feedback.html).
```
